Witness Name:
Karen
Encounter:0
------
Age: 26
Gender: female
Occupation: Housemaid
-------
Question0
Name of assaliant
Question0
Blaming John Doe
------------
Speech0
DD: Hello, you must be Karen.
Karen: You're not a cop, are you? You seem too well dressed.
DD: I'm a detective.
Karen: Well it's about time. I've been waiting here for a while. And I missed my shift for this.
DD: I don't think you'll need to worry about your shift for a while. The whole manor is barred off for investigation.
Karen: Oh, yeh, that's right. Iguess it's just to have to think about that place in that way. 
DD: How long have you been working for Mr. Werner? You seem rather young.
Karen: Oh well, thank you for saying. And I've only been working for him for 2 months now. Just two months and this happens. Probably the craziest job I ever had. 
Karen: I think he fired his last maid.. or did she leave?
(add clue)
New maid
Karen, the housemaid is newly hired from two months ago.
cont'd
Karen: Well either way I'm probably going to be leaving too now that this happened. What kind of sicko digs up a grave?
DD: If I knew I wouldn't even be here talking with you.
Karen: Ha. Funny. Let's just start with the questions so I can get out of here. 
end
-------------
Q: What did you see
DD: I know that you are up in the morning before Mr. Werner.
Karen: Yeah, he tells me to prepare his medication for him every morning before he wakes up. It's annoying but Ican't so no I guess.
DD: Did you see anything? You didn't look outside and see the grave and casket?
Karen: If I saw a casket I'd probably tell someone, wouldn't I? So no, I didn't see it. I was busy in the house.
(add clue)
David was up early
Karen says David was not in his room early in the morning
cont'd
Karen: But I did notice David was not in his room when I passed by.
(show options)
truth
DD: He's not normally up that early?
Karen: No, he's pretty lazy to be honest actually. I'm surprised Mr. Werner hasn't fired him.
(unlockSpeechNow)
Creepy David
(unlockedSpeechNow) Creepy David
Karen: And he's also a little creepy. You know how some guys are creepy in just a weird way?
DD: No, I don't know.
(unlock speech)
Chief- Tutorial1
cont'd
Karen: He is definetly a few levels above that. Creepy on a new level.
DD: Unfortunatley, I don't have your intuition.
Karen: Yeah, you should all really know this kinda stuff. You're detectives after all.
DD: Just another one of our fatal shortcomings, I suppose.
(add person)
David
end
Incorrect: chose doubt: What did you see
DD: You sure that is all, Karen? I feel like someone like you wouldn't miss a casket out in the open.
Karen: I already told you. I was in the house working. I never saw anything else strange.
Karen: David is definetly on my radar for this thing though.
(unlockSpeechNow)
Creepy David
end
Accuse:What did you see
DD: You did see something more, though. I know that much for sure.
Karen: All right, well if you're so sure then why don't you show some proof, huh, Detective D?
(choose evidence)
null
Incorrect: chose lie: What did you see
Karen: Yeah, that doesn't make sense, Detective. And here I was thinking you were one of the cool ones around here.
Karen: Now that you're done pointing fingers at me without much reason -- beceause I think we both know it's clearly not me -- let me tell you something that might actually help you, Detective D.
Karen: David. The gardener. He's a real weirdo.
DD: Please don't call me Detective D.
Karen: Why not? It's a cute nickname and plus it, like, helps calm my nerves because I'm a little shakey after today, and I didn't even have my morning coffee...
DD: *sighs*
Karen: .. now that I think about it, I didn't even have my morning bagel. Jeez, today has been really hard on me.
DD: We were talking about David. Remember?
Karen: Oh yeah, David. He's real weird.
(unlockSpeechNow)
Creepy David
end
------------------+
Q: Werner's accusation
DD: Mr. Werner says you were on the 2nd floor when the robbery happend.
Karen: I thought I told you my story already, I was out on my smoke break.
DD: Do you know any reason why he would think you were up there.
Karen: There's a lot of us working for him, Detective. He mixes faces up sometimes. Heck, one time he thought my name was Rachel.
DD: So you think it was one of those times again?
Karen: Absolutley, Detective. I cross my heart on it.
(show options)
doubt
DD: Come on now, Karen. You and I both know that just because someone is at the wrong palce at the wrong time, doesn't mean they are the cause of it.
Karen: Okay, fine. I was up there, but it was only for a little while. I had left my pack of smokes in my purse and went up to grab them, but I had nothing to do with what happend.
DD: While you were up there, did you see anything suspicious.
Karen: I wasn't paying much attention who was around me, but I did notice the windows were open in the main hall of the 2nd floor, which was odd 'cause it was quite windy.
(add clue)
Open windows
Windows were open on 2nd floor
cont'd
DD: Alright, that could come in handy.
------------
Accuse:Werner's accusation
DD: I think you were up there Karen, and I think you don't want me knowing that.
Karen: You can theorize all day if you wanted detective, but I just don't have the time to entertain you.
DD: (I can choose Evidence to prove she is lying)
(choose evidence)
end
Incorrect: chose lie: Werner's accusation
Karen: It seems you're memory also isn't too sharp too, Detective.
end
Incorrect: chose truth: Werner's accusation
DD: So this must happen often I gues. Mr. Werner mixing up the housemaids. Who do you think was up there then?
Karen: It must have been.. Ra- no. Must have been one of the other housemaids, but I'm not sure who.
end
John Doe: I told you I'd have trouble remembering, Detective. I'm sorry but that's all I know.
Karen: Just earlier I prepared a drink for him. He's getting old, Detective, and he's been drinking a lot latley, and it's affecting his memory. Surely you must have seen this kinda stuff before.
Karen: I'm not sure.
Q: Blaming John Doe
DD: Why did you bame John?
Karen: I think it's him.
(add clue)
John Doe suspect
John Doe might be the killer.
Q: Party?
DD: this is sign that it works.
Q: Mr. Werner's accusation
DD: Do you know that Mr. Werner accuses you?
end
-------------------------------